{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16880\viewh14520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf1 \ul \ulc1 Fabric 2.7.5
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf1 Welcome to Fabric, a modular SDK platform that makes it easy to build great apps.\
\
//What's New\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Onboarding fastlane through the app is no longer supported, the preferred install method can be found at: https://docs.fastlane.tools/getting-started/ios/setup/ \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To better support fastlane users, we\'92ve also added fastlane migration instructions\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You can find the instructions online at: https://github.com/fastlane/fastlane/issues/11586\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf1 \ul Fabric for Mac
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 //Features
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf1 SDK Onboarding.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 Instead of reading through dozens of pages or watching videos to learn how to integrate an SDK,
\f2\fs26 simply drag-and-drop to install Fabric. It's that easy.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf1 Multi-Organization Support.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 Part of multiple organizations? Want to switch between them? You can! Just click the small arrow in the upper left corner to bring up the list of your organizations.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf1 Xcode Workspace Support.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 For developers that use workspaces, we've got you covered! When you add an app, just click on a workspace and we'll show you the projects inside to choose from.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf1 Xcode Launcher.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 We've built a short-cut right into Fabric for quick access to your project, which activates after your first build. Click the icon at the top right to launch Xcode and open your project. It's that simple.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf1 Live Updating.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 If you or your teammates close issues, delete an app, or add an app on the web or through the Mac app, it will update live. Those changes will be reflected immediately in Fabric for Mac.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf1 Issues View.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 You can see the list of your Crashlytics issues right on your desktop! If you want more details, simply click through and it will load the issue in your browser.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf1 \ul Crashlytics Kit
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 With the Crashlytics Kit, you now have access to the best developer suite for crash reporting, beta distribution, and mobile analytics.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 //Features
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf1 Crash reporting.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 The most powerful, yet lightest weight crash reporting solution. With award-winning Crashlytics, we distill down all your crash reports into the issues that caused them, and show you the exact line of code that caused the crash. You\'92ve never seen crash reports like this.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf1 Beta by Crashlytics.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 The most seamless beta distribution experience for you and your testers. Built with your testers in mind, we\'92ve made the experience as fun and engaging as possible -- while also putting your brand first. With total visibility, you can monitor your entire tester lifecycle in an easy to understand dashboard.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf1 Answers by Crashlytics
\b0 .
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf1 Finally, mobile analytics that you don\'92t need to analyze. Once you onboard Crashlytics Kit, you automatically get Answers. Don\'92t waste your time diving through data trying to find and analyze trends -- we\'92ll do the work for you.
\f1 \
}
